feat(lazy option): support manual trigger only authentication (#45)
LittleSound/slimeform: README.md

</p>
</details>

<details><summary>Lazy rule validation</summary>
<p>

You can set `lazy` to `true` to prevent rules from being automatically verified when data changes.

> In this case, consider call `verify()` or `status[fieldName].verify()` to manually validate the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, consider call `verify()` or `status[fieldName].verify()` to manually validate fields.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps you mean **validate fields** not **the rule**? Since rules will never require validations.
